Once upon a time, there were three bears who lived in a house in the forest. There was a big Papa Bear, a middle-sized Mama Bear, and a tiny Baby Bear. One morning, the three bears made porridge for breakfast, but it was too hot to eat. So they decided to go for a walk while their porridge cooled.

While they were out, a little girl named Goldilocks was walking through the forest. She saw the bears' house and knocked on the door. When no one answered, she went inside.

In the kitchen, Goldilocks saw three bowls of porridge. She tasted the porridge in the big bowl. "This porridge is too hot!" she said. She tasted the porridge in the middle-sized bowl. "This porridge is too cold!" she said. Then she tasted the porridge in the tiny bowl. "This porridge is just right!" she said. And she ate it all up.

Next, Goldilocks went into the living room. She sat in the big chair. "This chair is too hard!" she said. She sat in the middle-sized chair. "This chair is too soft!" she said. She sat in the tiny chair. "This chair is just right!" she said. But the tiny chair broke!

Goldilocks was tired, so she went upstairs to the bedroom. She lay on the big bed. "This bed is too high!" she said. She lay on the middle-sized bed. "This bed is too low!" she said. She lay on the tiny bed. "This bed is just right!" she said. And she fell fast asleep.

Soon, the three bears came home. "Someone's been eating my porridge!" growled Papa Bear. "Someone's been eating my porridge!" said Mama Bear. "Someone's been eating my porridge, and it's all gone!" cried Baby Bear.

"Someone's been sitting in my chair!" growled Papa Bear. "Someone's been sitting in my chair!" said Mama Bear. "Someone's been sitting in my chair, and it's broken!" cried Baby Bear.

The three bears went upstairs. "Someone's been sleeping in my bed!" growled Papa Bear. "Someone's been sleeping in my bed!" said Mama Bear. "Someone's been sleeping in my bed, and she's still here!" cried Baby Bear.

Just then, Goldilocks woke up. When she saw the three bears, she jumped out of bed, ran down the stairs, and out of the house. She never returned to the bears' house again. And the three bears never left their porridge unattended again.