Far out in the sea, where the water is blue like a beautiful cornflower and clear as crystal, lived a fish. But he was no ordinary fish - he was the most beautiful fish in the entire ocean. His scales were every shade of rainbow, and they shimmered and sparkled when he moved.

The other fish called him Rainbow Fish. "Come and play with us!" they would invite. But Rainbow Fish would just glide past them, proud and silent, letting his scales shimmer.

One day, a little blue fish followed him. "Rainbow Fish," he called, "please give me one of your shiny scales. They're so beautiful, and you have so many."

"Give you one of my scales? Who do you think you are?" snapped Rainbow Fish. "Get away from me!" Shocked, the little blue fish swam away.

From then on, no one would play with Rainbow Fish anymore. They turned away when he swam by. What good were beautiful shiny scales if no one would admire them?

Rainbow Fish felt very lonely. So he went to see the wise octopus for advice. "The waves have told me your story," said the octopus. "You must share your scales with others. You might not be as beautiful, but you will discover how to be happy."

"But my scales are what make me special," said Rainbow Fish.

"You will see..." whispered the octopus as she disappeared into a dark cloud of ink.

Rainbow Fish thought about what the octopus had said. Suddenly, he saw the little blue fish swimming by. "Little blue fish," he called, "here, take one of my shiny scales." Carefully, Rainbow Fish pulled out one of his smallest scales and gave it to the little blue fish.

"Thank you!" bubbled the little blue fish, wiggling with delight. He tucked the shiny scale among his blue ones, and swam off.

A moment later, Rainbow Fish was surrounded by other fish. Everyone wanted a shiny scale! And Rainbow Fish shared his scales, one here, one there, until he had only one shiny scale left. And now, when he swam through the ocean, he was surrounded by his new friends. They all played together, and Rainbow Fish was very happy.

"Come when you are ready," called one of his new friends, and for the first time, Rainbow Fish smiled. "I'm coming," he said happily, and he swam off to join his friends.